1: suppose a user submitted the signup for but didnot verify , other user or same user with same to same details if submits form then don't create  a user just redirect to otp i mean just return res backend suggestion                         
DONE --- 2:add virtual scrolling for infinite scrolling
3:add lazy loading for good ux
4: later i can add your account was logged in other device please login again in this device to use your account
5. learn about memoizing and apply that
6. applly debounce search not this normal search
7.handle every error code of backend not only in logic but in ui so that user can know what error occuered basically handle error in frontend with respect to user 
not u in the code only.
8. somehow reduce the first load time of the site by doing somet things(ask gpt abt it or claude abt it)

login page (credentials) done.
forgot password page done.
password page done.
signup page (credentials) done.
verify-email page done.
if use created a account but skipped i the part of otp verification, so then what we can do if user tries to log in with that info
then we can do is that we can just ask him to verify account by entering otp to show that he's the actual user
backedn suggestion.

for everypage where i use searchParams i gotta have a check if they are expected params or not if not redirect to some default page

use list virtualization or windowing to display list of songs for good performance

as a admin, if i am in the app, i should be able to edits song details

Latest issues: 
1. when google login, first patch of songs come before the user data come so  no like data

latest issues: (03-07-2026: 03:19):
the upload page not functioning idk why.(saw that somehow its not using the uplaod function but it was working before i guess this is the jaadu of ai, cuz i don't remember editing upload file even like that? ....)
 

the move to top button has to be fixed now.


Tonight's goal: 
1.to add admin dashboard for editing song title, author and song image.
2.make its related ui good in both pc and mobile.
3. this won't include doing bulk things, but rather it will only include doing small things i mean single edits single song edits 
which would be the best and unoverkilled feature.


latest working notes:
the thing is all setup is done, now have to see why the edit panel is not workiing when the state of edit panel is changing
fixed above latest workin note.
today 15/07/2026 , later i want to like make the user edit theirs own song i mean the songs which belong to them they can for now delete it but not like edit it, later i will 
make them be able to edit it.
also in default playlists of user ui, show a new playlist which will contain the songs uploaded by user.
while the song is being updated, add a loading spinner there

add a sound booster later .
learn about atomicity and try to apply at some places in the app.
(atomicity basically means if a happen b should happen if they are in a function which is being executed . but if a happend and b failed then a must be reverted(reversed))


next time sit , and add playlist creation feature right there and then right after that fix all the things realted to loading and toasts and good user toast messages across the whole app.

Implement a unique visitor tracking system using a combination of persistent UUIDs and browser fingerprints to improve visitor identification accuracy.

Track each visitor's total visits, first/last visit timestamps, and distinguish new visitors from returning ones while minimizing duplicate counts across sessions.

remove search btn from more base nav menu and add to top right corner in mobile view as its free space there, and we can utilize it by placing search bar there. - done

share button is not working, fix it and change the url structure when a song is running so that it would be better to share songs - done

you can add share to whatsapp button or share to other apps

increase the zindex of edit panel to more than the z of song  player panel


latest update, wrote everything related to pin feature in backend, now gotta implement 
all that in frontend and after that gotta finish the playlist feature

when user is not logged in, it doesn't show login/ register route fix that